docs: add documentation explaining how to configure a S3 Bucket (#39)
hastexo/tutor-contrib-s3: README.md

        }
    ]
}
```
**Note**: Make sure you replace `AWS_PROFILE_BUCKET_NAME`, `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID` and `AWS_IAM_USER` with correct values.

**Cross-origin resource sharing** (CORS):
```
[
    {
        "AllowedHeaders": [],
        "AllowedMethods": [
            "GET"
        ],
        "AllowedOrigins": [
            "https://${LMS_HOST}",
            "https://${CMS_HOST}"
        ],
        "ExposeHeaders": [],
        "MaxAgeSeconds": 3000
    }
]
```

**Note**: Replace `LMS_HOST` and `CMS_HOST` with URLs of your LMS and CMS.

### Examples of variable values:
* `LMS_HOST`: openedx.com
* `CMS_HOST`: studio.openedx.com
* `AWS_PROFILE_BUCKET_NAME`: openedx-profile-pictures-bucket
* `AWS_ACCOUNT_ID`: 123456789012
* `AWS_IAM_USER`: openedx-user

## CloudFront
If you need to accelerate website content delivery, another option to serve the profile pictures is to use [CloudFront](https://aws.amazon.com/cloudfront/) in front of AWS S3.

Amazon CloudFront is a fast content delivery network ([CDN](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Content_delivery_network)) service that securely delivers data to customers globally with low latency and high transfer speeds.

> CloudFront is set up in which data is cached and will be sent to the user from that nearest edge location instead of picking it from the original location (S3 Bucket) thus speeding up the transfer rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudFront caches the data and sends it to the user from the nearest edge location, instead of picking it from the original location (S3 Bucket). This speeds up the transfer rate.
```
Break the long sentence. Also using the active voice is recommended.
